we will see how to adjust his
carburation according to your candles
so you'll see when they tell you
set the carburation it will be by
compared to sprinklers so what
is that a sprinkler a jet is
this little room with a hole in
middle of the fish see it well and who
allows you to pass more gasoline
the hole is big plus you're going to have
senses that will pass through these
logical so the bigger the hole will be
plus the figure that will be shown on the
sprinklers will be fat could finally see if
you will see the video but on the way
of you will see you have a figure that
will be just above we do not see well
but serious and just above you have
a figure here is 62
that means it's a jet of 62
when you take a jet of 68
you have a hole that will be
automatically bigger than 62 so
when we are going to ask you rise of a
low point you will go up one size
if you are in 68 you can go up to
69 or 70 when it says go down if you
are in 68 you go from 66 to 65 the
jet or is it found that my
it's not complicated you disassemble the
gas tank of your carburetor so
there you have one of their rates acs h at
helmet 15 sec the mold principle she
even especially the goal gap is here you
have the jet so original on one
their rates is 68 you have school
loosen and tighten to remove them
to put it back then one thing
before I tighten them directly and
caton of life that moves take a
flat screwdriver for tours but I
I realized for a moment that I had a
breakdown ie my sprinklers
often this butcher but I searched
sought is the source was beautiful
screwdriver
then the metal they use for
make the sprinklers at post it's
but that metal cows hear me that's to
to say that every time I put a
little shot of screwdriver yet I
will not be strong every time I put
a little screwdriver
go back I was doing a micro image
in the jet that was coming into the
tank and which ended up by butcher's
jets the pij dessert to the maj and serves
pretty strong in the hand and frankly I
am so summer pom to settle your
carburation compared to candles
beautiful will have to look at your candles
so of course have to have low candles
you have already shot with the best
is that you take you poke a
tip with your mobile is all bike
and once you're inside you
cut you off everything you cut the
engine you stop accelerating and you
you stop engines at you put in
position stops and there you go power
see directly on your candle
it was easy before when there was
great because great was with
lead and what allowed to color
candles more or less loud
now with the lead-free it's
much harder to watch
so I'm using this a substitute of
lead it costs seven bogus roles with that
you treat 50 liters of fuel you
are quiet is what allows to
color a little more candles and
it will be much easier for them
carburetion
then at the candle color level
you will first of all this one you
so go see when we talk about the
color of the candle
it's mostly at the electrode
then the electrode is what it is
part that you will find here see
there an original name sas and white there you
see he is tending towards the light brown he is
clear sent even there it's clear when
you see that it starts from
the white these bells you are not
quite rich ie you have
far too much air compared to
gasoline too little gasoline so if
you have not enough gasoline you
mount sprinkler size ie
than if you are in 68 and you have
a candle that is white like that you
can try 70 to try with a
new candle so for cons for
settings every time you change
of sprinklers I advise you to change
of candles role a little bit and you
look after the state of the candle
when you are dry you can
know or six years look at the state of the
candle when you see you're at
background and that your mobile is she grazes
after you play with the starter
if you press the choke and that
your mobile is going faster is that
you have too much air you returning
are forced to lower the air so you
have senses that do not happen enough
so when you lean on the
starter evokes mobile is at best it's
that it is necessary to go up in size of jets
if by cons you see that when you
press the starter she gets bogged down
and alcohol there is that you have a
jet that will be too big the nozzle
too big anyway you go
find on this type of candles see
so we see squarely the color the
color difference there you are black
shiny black it's really that too
of too much oil with oil
far too much gas
there you are obliged on this type of
candles to go down in size from
sprinklers if you're in 68 and you
have that you are obliged to smugglers in
combining 65 66 66 65
after you have the color that is
perfect
finally for word that is perfect it's
this one so we do not see so well
in video but the electrode starts to
become brick red
when you have a brick red color
chocolate milk chocolate we will say
it's pile hair 2 we see it becomes
Brown chestnut is what you need
the man you are stacking hair by squirting
changed nothing everything is beautiful the most the
little trick that you can try
also if your candle
we will say that the jet is too big
so your candle is too black what
you can do you can change from
air filter if you have a filter to
original air like this one you can
try sport air filter
elop that lets in more air so
if you have more dr that will mix
better with the more gasoline so you
risk you can find we're going to say
a random setting like this